Scrap metrics from pods basing on annotations (#852)
SumoLogic/sumologic-kubernetes-collection: deploy/docs/additional_prometheus_configuration.md

            app: example-metrics
```

#### Annotations

Alternatively to Service and ServiceMonitor you can use dedicated annotations in your pod:

```yaml
# ...
annotations:
  prometheus.io/port: 8000 # Port which metrics should be scraped from
  prometheus.io/scrape: true # Set if metrics should be scraped from this pod
  prometheus.io/path: "/metrics" # Path which metrics should be scraped from
```

> **Note: This solution works only to scrap metrics from one container within pod**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note: This solution works only to scrape metrics from one container within the pod**
```
